---
layout: post
title: WEEK 1 of Fulbright Argentina
tags: fulbright post
categories: demo
---

WEEK 1
Day 7 (Mon)
- FuEDEI first day
- forgetting sandwich. forgetting morning routine. object permanence?
- trying to remember the names of plants
	- Lots of Commelina erecta 
	- Spanish doesn't really have common names in the same way English does. It has its pros and cons, but overall I prefer this way. Scientific names are 
	-
- Dr Sosa is very supportive
	- coffee
- rapid fire Spanish. really makes me doubt my ability, but it's what I signed up for
	- lots of ppl speak English, which is a good safety net but one that I dread relying on. Ideally I can prove that I can improve at Spanish. My goal is to hold my own and speak at the same pace as these folk. 
	- need to find some sort of notepad, especially for the vocab more specific to this field. For now, MS notepad works well enough
	- gorgoja = weevil
	- Megamelis scutellaris = 
	- a bordo = aboard
	- estadia = residency, stay 
		- I was slightly more used to estancia
	- boludo = a strange word. stupid/dumb. 
	- un montón = the most common one I've heard so far
		- it's a useful thing to learn
		- 
	- laburo = trabajo = job
- right now, its hard to distinguish the words. Also a bad habit of tuning it out if I get distracted :(
	- Usually it starts by trying to decipher a word..then I lose the flow of the conversation

- staff was more impressed by my speaking ability...it's a strange experience, but a common one I'm sure. 
	- I've told myself that I was ready to get the Spanish beaten into me, but right now I don't think that's the case. I have too much emotional stake in my Spanish ability, and while it feels nice to navigate a conversation well, getting shaken up about a mistake isn't going to do me any favors. 
	- The truth is that I'm a sensitive lad in general, so developing a thicker skin would do me some good. 

- empanadas!


- Dra Laura Varone is in the ofifce room next door. I wonder if she remembers my little gaff. Maybe she does maybe she doesn't. But I'm not making a great first impression with my Spanish

- FuEDEI is cool!
	- kitties
		- orange cat that drank water from the Salvinia. a possible uncontrolled variable hehe
	- interesting stations
	- different offices
	- shipping container offices aroudn

Day 8 (Tues)
- San Vicente
- Juan
- agriculture school

Day 9 (Wed)
- Dia de las Malvinas
- went to Carlos Thays
- hamburger
- Rose Garden

Day 10

Day 11

4-4-25
- search for the drying rack continues
- Chinatown
	- bus trouble
- Recoleta 
	- Roca museum
	- ice cream (Karen at Buffala)
	- Mons hostel language exchange
- clubbing! my first time
	- pregame = espresso + last-minute tequila shot
		- got me shivery
	- in Chacarita so it was pretty close to home
	- Bowie face paint
	- got back at 4am
	- probably moreso CABA but there was a lot of cigarette smoke and less weed than I expected

4-5-25
- recovering from the night before
- drying rack proves to be trouble. Google maps isn't great at narrowing down markets it seems. the communal clothesline was pretty good for underwear and towels. I put my more cumbersome clothes in 

4-6-25
- nothing. actually nothing. literally the only thing i did was roast some peanuts and boil some eggs. still not a bad day overall


