---
layout: post
title: WEEK 2 of Fulbright Argentina
tags: fulbright post
categories: demo
---

WEEK 2
4-7-25
Checking for Megamelus eggs in the stems of camalote. 

Ripping the guts out of a Megamelus. 
- behead them 
	- unsure why. Nico tells me to make sure the gut is fully severed
- remove the guts from the anus (the bug equivalent anyway)
- need to amass 10 bug guts to put into one centrifuge tube
- not exactly a pleasant experience for the bug, but at least they were frozen and dunked in ethanol
	- I personally had fun, although my attempt didn't go that great
	- the guts came out from the head. I had a pretty respectable stretch on mine, but then it snapped and became a lot less impressive

4-8-25

Replacing old leaves + toilet paper with new leaves and toilet paper
- using the aspiradora
Lunch time is a warzone in my head. It's hard for me to pay attention and even harder for me to decipher anything. It was the same in Mexico, for basically the entire 10 weeks I was down there. 
- I need to be a more active listener somehow...throwing myself into the midst doesn't seem to be as effective as I thought 

Warned that there might be a big country-wide strike 
- Argentina's CGT strike in protest of Javier Milei's government I suppose
- this means public transport might be shut down if things go to plan. I need to prepare for the train being out of commission. Making backup routes/plans in general might be useful.
- do I even bother coming? It's an hour drive each way



4-9-25

4-10-25

4-11-25

4-12-25

4-13-25
